style: apply /style-guide pass to models/reports (#2687)
wandb/docs: models/reports/embed-reports.mdx

---
description: Embed W&B reports directly into Notion or with an HTML `iframe` element.
title: Embed a report
keywords: ["iframe", "Confluence", "Notion", "Gradio", "Hugging Face Spaces"]
---

> Embed W&B reports in external pages and tools so that your team can view live experiment results alongside other documentation. This page describes how to generate an embed code from a report and how to use it in HTML, Confluence, Notion, and Gradio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embed a W&B report in an external page or tool so that your team can view live experiment results alongside other documentation. This page describes how to generate an embed code from a report and use it in HTML, Confluence, Notion, or Gradio.
```

## Confluence

The following animation demonstrates how to insert the direct link to the report within an `iframe` cell in Confluence.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/reports/embed_iframe_confluence.gif" alt="Embedding in Confluence"  />
</Frame>

## Notion

The following animation demonstrates how to insert a report into a Notion document using an **Embed** block in Notion and the report's embed code.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/reports/embed_iframe_notion.gif" alt="Embedding in Notion"  />
</Frame>

## Gradio

> To embed a W&B report in a Gradio app, including apps hosted on Hugging Face Spaces, use Gradio's `gr.HTML` element to render an `iframe` that points to the report URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To embed a W&B report in a Gradio app, including an app hosted on Hugging Face Spaces, use Gradio's `gr.HTML` element to render an `iframe` that points to the report URL.
```
